Add information about BOMs and precedence of them (#2912)
apache/camel-quarkus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/user-guide/dependency-management.adoc

A specific Camel Quarkus release is supposed to work only with a specific Quarkus release.

== Quarkus BOM 

The core Quarkus dependencies are managed via `io.quarkus:quarkus-bom`. 

> Any additional dependencies for related Quarkus artifacts are not contained in this BOM. 

Reviewer: Sorry, I cannot follow what you mean with "additional dependencies for related Quarkus artifacts". Could you please try to rephrase it?

think carefully in which order you import them,
because the order of imports defines the precedence.

> ie. if `quarkus-universe-bom` is imported before `camel-quarkus-bom` then the version defined in
> `quarkus-universe-bom` will take priority. And might lead to incompatible versions of libraries being used.

Reviewer: I think the `quarkus-universe-bom` and `camel-quarkus-bom` combo is not a good example. I wonder why would anybody want to do that given that `camel-quarkus-bom` is included in `quarkus-universe-bom`? 

How about this:

```suggestion
I.e. if `my-foo-bom` is imported before `camel-quarkus-bom` then the versions defined in
`my-foo-bom` will take the precedence. This might or might not be what you want, depending on whether there are any overlaps between `my-foo-bom` and `camel-quarkus-bom` and depending on whether those versions with higher precedence work with the rest of the artifacts managed in `camel-quarkus-bom`.
```
